Come here.
Listen, Buliang.
Today, we're only going to fight against Golden tooth.
As long as you put down your weapons,
I'll leave you a way out.
You...
Brother Shang Fei, I surrender.
I surrender.
We can't kill each other.
We've been brothers for years.
Brothers?
When you hurt Liang,
when you hurt Liang?
Move!
My brother asked me to kill this bastard.
You must live.
You can do whatever you want to me.
Yes.
I didn't kill Third Brother.
Don't you want to know
who killed Third Brother?
Tell me.
I can only tell Leader
if you dare
If you dare to play tricks again,
I'll rip your skin off.
Guards!
Take him away.
Hurry!
Let's go.
Why isn't he here yet?
It shouldn't be.
Captain Li, who are you waiting for?
Leader Zhu.
What are you...
Tell me, did you kill Mr. Wu?
How did you know I was here?
Let's go.
Someone will tell you when we arrive.
Where are you going?
You owe me
more than one life.
Where is my sister?
Where is Wen Pei?
You wouldn't know.
What do you mean?
You have the jade pendant?
After Peking fell,
our family moved away.
Didn't I go to see you?
The Cui family
is harming others and yourself.
When I get rid of the Japanese,
I'll get even with your father.
and get even with my father.
Bao.
My father is gone too.
and I lost my sister.
I'm just like you now.
He's lucky.
Take it out on me.
After I beat the Japanese away,
I'll pay with my life.
Your father deserved it.
What did you say?
I said I didn't kill your father.
He deserves it.
Say one more word.
Don't move.
Get out! Who let you in?
Who let you two in?
Do I need your help?
Go out and close the door.
Even if the sky collapses,
Don't come in if I don't let you in.
Get out.
Okay.
You want to play?
I'll play with you.
I can see
what you've learned these years.
Should we go in and take a look?
Do you want to be beaten?
Brigade Commander won't let us in.
We'd better not go in.
You're quite skilled now.
You've practiced well outside these years.
You are a high official now.
The army is different from us.
Besides,
when you were little,
you couldn't beat me.
Nonsense.
I always let you win when I was young.
Forget it.
My father told me in private
to let you win all the time.
Let me tell you.
It's not that Wen Pei always misses his hand.
Look at you.
Maybe something is missing.
You're not convinced?
Let's continue.
I'll give you two hands.
Enough.
Tell me the truth.
WenPei didn't come to you, right?
At that time,
I didn't know where to go.
You know what? For so many years,
I really hope
WenPei would be with you.
Report!
Brigade Commander.
Speak.
Shangguan Eagle is injured.
You, save him!
Stop!
Mother!
What are you doing in the middle of the night?
There are so many men out there.
They're all men. Let's go home.
I'm just going out.
What are you looking at?
Go back.
Dad, you're back.
Slow down.
Don't fall, you crazy girl.
Aunt Soo.
Did you see someone?
Someone went that way.
Brother Xi!
Stop fighting!
Aunt Shui, I saw that man
He's not as tall as you.
He's small.
Little one.
What's wrong, Ni?
Jintooth is dead.
The golden tooth is dead.
Isn't the wooden prison guarded?
They're all dead.
Fly on the boat.
What are you doing here?
Madam asked me to patrol.
Don’t ask me. Go to the wood dungeon.
Wait for me!
Who killed him?
Kill him to silence him.
He must know something.
The knife is fast.
It doesn't look like our knife.
It looks like a Japanese knife.
Seal down the fortress.
No one is allowed to go out.
No.
I'm sure it wasn't
must not be done by an ordinary brother.
If that's the case,
the murderer should have a high status.
Did the Japanese order Big Jaws to do it?
Nini.
Didn't you see someone?
Yes.
I saw someone.
See clearly.
No.
It's too dark.
I just thought he was sneaky
so I followed him.
In the end,
Say it.
Then I saw
with Aunt Shui.
Fly on the boat.
Why are you there?
All right.
Tomorrow morning, all our men will go back to their fortress.
You go to Black Tiger Mountain to be the head.
Madam.
What about Qingfeng Camp?
Leave Qingfeng Camp to the Second Master.
You’re in charge of these two villages.
But he...
Liu.
Trust me that I'll find out the truth.
Alright.
She should be fine.
If it doesn’t work,
I'll explain
to Qinglong Fortress.
It's all my fault.
I was too naive.
If I had gone,
this wouldn’t have happened.
The letter from the Patriarch of Qinglong Fortress.
Do you want to take a look?
The golden knife seal.
belongs to my father.
How have you been, Brigade Commander Cui?
You've been changing lately.
Among the swordsmen,
I also found something to bully the people.
His behavior is very domineering and weird.
He must have colluded with
and Japanese.
So it's decided tonight.
I will lead the army to attack.
I've thought about it.
I'm worried that there might be foreign aid.
Please cooperate with us.
Shangguan Bao.
Are you sure?
What's your plan after reading the letter?
Someone said that the swordsman hijacked the refugees
to ruin the reputation of the swordsman.
and forced me to go against the swordsman.
Golden tooth, it must be him.
But if it was Li Gang
is Li Gang,
At this time,
he should pretend to be his enemy.
That's a cruel move.
Poison?
What do you mean?
Li Gang will lead the bandits
they will immediately get the support of the refugees without knowing it.
And think about it.
If the Japanese
the Japanese would attack us now.
What are we doing?
We're on the same side.
they can only take advantage of it.
I see.
If you don't hit the swordsman, the refugees won't agree.
If you hit the swordsman,
the local people won't agree.
Right?
Yes.
You can't leave here either.
Why?
I think someone will be watching you.
If you leave here, you'll alert them.
Japanese?
Not only Japanese.
I'm afraid there are many people in the army.
Are you implying something?
The adjutant beside you.
What do you think? Surprised?
Those bastards.
All you do is keep an eye on your own people.
Eagle.
Go back to the fortress now.
and tell Madam
the situation here.
This is the best choice.
Doctor, how is she?
The bullet has been removed.
She's not in danger.
She needs some rest to wake up.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Miss, you're awake.
Where am I?
Miss, don't move.
Miss, you can't move.
You have a wound here. Don't move.
Where am I?
This is a hospital.
Lie down. You have a wound.
Come on, lie down. I want to go out.
I want to go out.
Miss, where are you going? I want to go out.
Don't move, miss.
Miss, where are you going?
You can't move. Lie down.
I want to go out. Don't move.
Don't move. Eagle, who are you?
Eagle, I'm here.
This is the hospital. Don't pull it out. This is medicine.
It can cure you.
I thought I would never see you again.
I thought I would die like this.
You didn't. Don't be afraid.
I'm here.
Don't be afraid.
Don't think about anything now.
Just recuperate.
Don't cry.
I'm here.
Take off all the iron on you.
What?
I dare not.
Why did you go to the backyard at that time?
I always suspect
someone sent news to the outside.
So I go there every day.
Did you find anything?
Nothing.
How many years have you been on the mountain?
Three months and six years.
I remember it clearly.
Without a purpose,
who would remember
for a few years?
Who are you?
It's true that I work for the army.
But for so many years,
I've never done anything
to you.
nor did I do anything to Qinglong Fortress.
How is she?
She's asleep.
Apart from being a little stubborn,
she's actually not bad.
I don't have that many tricks.
Can you control them?
We're fake.
I just saw
it doesn't look fake.
What about you?
What?
Are you married?
Use the 33rd year of the year of the year of the year of the year.
You're going to kill my whole family.
Can I tell you?
I want to kill you.
What does it have to do with your wife?
Let me ask you.
If I die,
will you take care of my family?
We'll talk about it after we get rid of the Japanese devil.
I'm afraid it won't be my turn.
It's a deal.
no matter who kills me,
please take care of my family.
On the 33rd year of the Ming Hua High School,
It's the 33rd year of the year of the year of the Lunar New Year.
I didn't say anything.
You'd better die in my hands.
Just because of what you said,
I'll leave my life to you.
The first use is the 33rd Nation of China.
Tian Ju Nian, 33 National China
When I use it, I'm 33.
I don't know how long I can live.
Fair.
With the 33 National Huazhong
Buns.
Buns!
Bao.
You didn’t come to Qinglong Fortress
to be the son-in-law of Shangguan Bao?
Haven't you always been after Qinglong Camp?
There are tens of thousands of swordsmen in Qinglong Fortress.
If they join the Japanese,
the country will be blessed.
As long as I don't join your army.
What's wrong with the Republican Party?
What's worse than the Communist Party?
Choi Moon-Kui.
It's been 12 years.
You've fought many battles.
but you lost half of China.
How dare you talk about anti-Japan?
It's because of the current situation.
Forced?
Your time is to save your lives.
Do you know
how the people live there?
I came from the enemy.
The Chinese lives there are worthless.
The Japanese can humiliate and kill as they want.
That's why I want to
before I go back.
Bullshit!
Gather the power!
You're going to kill the Communist Party.
Anyway,
I’m the son-in-law of Qinglong Camp.
People from Qinglong Camp are my men.
Indeed.
you made a brilliant move.
You even tricked Shangguan Eagle.
You even managed to treat him well.
Qinglong Fortress will be yours.
I admire you.
Brigade Commander, bad news!
That female patient is missing.
Eagle.
Is it okay for the patient to go out like this?
Her wound hasn't healed yet.
We'll be in trouble if she gets infected.
Brigade Commander,
A woman stole a horse and ran away.
Qinglong Fortress?
She must have gone back to Qinglong Fortress.
Bao! Bao!
Qinglong Fortress.
Get the horse ready.
Follow me to Qinglong Fortress. Yes.
Go patrol the alley.
Work hard.
I'll buy you a drink tonight.
Okay.
Go.
Miss Leng.
Something happened.
Are you trying to save me?
Luckily, those two grenades have eyes.
I didn't get blown up.
Don't pretend to be merciful.
Aren't you afraid that I'll give you away?
Your idea is not that good.
Cui Wenkui saw through it.
Otherwise,
know I'm there?
They surrounded me.
Golden tooth hasn't shown up for so many days.
I think he'll be dead.
Enough.
I've done my best and sold my life.
It's useless to the Imperial Army.
Let me go.
What else do you want?
Nothing.
I'm just protecting you.
People are trying to catch you.
If it weren't for me,
you would have been dead.
I don't need your protection.
I'm fine.
I have three ways to deal with you.
I'll kill you to silence you.
and kill you.
Two.
I'll give you to Choi Moon-Kui.
I caught you.
Three.
or give you to Shangguan Bao.
Do you want to
Do you want to choose one?
Don't worry, Mr. Li.
I won't do that.
I just need you to stay here.
When I need you,
when I need you.
You like money.
This place suits you better.
Young Master, Young Master is back.
Madam.
Boss.
Eagle.
I entrusted my daughter to you.
How did you treat her?
Madam.
Where is Eagle?
Lock him up in the wooden prison.
Where is she?
Guards!
Madam.
Boss.
Boss, let's go. Let's go.
Eagle.
Cai Yun is back.
I taught him a lesson for you.
Lock him in the wooden prison.
Let him go.
Are you willing to do that?
Did you feel sad
Were you sad?
Does it hurt?
Of course.
Do you regret it?
If I didn't marry my mother,
my heart wouldn't have hurt.
When your mother was alive,
was my happiest time.
Your mother is gone.
When you miss someone,
to miss someone.
I don't want to be so sad, dad.
But I feel
is pricked by a needle.
Eagle, you've grown up.
But it hurts so much, Father.
You've grown up.
You've really grown up.
Don't cry.
Eagle, stop crying.
Brigade Commander Cui.
Buddy, please tell Madam
Tell him I have something urgent to tell him.
Brigade Commander Cui, please leave.
Qinglong Fortress is busy today.
No visitors.
I know Miss Shangguan is seriously injured.
so I brought my military doctor and nurses.
No need.
Madam ordered
even if the Heavenly King comes,
ask him to go back with a horse.
Madam, Cui Wenkui is here to see you.
Didn’t I tell you?
I won't see anyone today.
He said Miss Leng is badly injured.
If not treated in time,
the minor will be disabled.
or the worst will die.
Remove their guns.
Only he and the doctor can enter.
Yes.
Don’t be afraid. Follow me. OK.
Madam.
Brigade Commander Cui.
I wonder why you came up the mountain this time.
Madam.
Miss Eagle was injured in my territory.
So I came here
to give you an explanation.
How?
My eagle is injured.
So I brought my military doctor
and nurses.
Yes.
Take the doctor to Eagle.
Please.
Brigade Commander.
Go.
Yes.
Madam, how about this?
Your son-in-law Wu Zhen
is my sworn friend.
Why don't you let him go down the mountain with me
and capture the murderer to Qinglong Fortress
and avenge Miss Eagle.
He hurt my eagle so badly.
He is now in the wooden dungeon
is now locked in the wooden prison.
Bury him alive tomorrow morning.
Actor table
Qian Yi
and actors
Su Tianhui, Yang Wanlin, Zhao Dongliang, Chen Yile. Wang Lu.
Yue Wang Yang Ziyi Tian Chenzhe Deng Kai Mei Liang Dong.
Sun Zhaoqi, Li Shengchung, Yang Haoyu, Zhou Chaoyang
to perform.
Zhang Hongbo Gong Jian Feng, Sun Haochun from Li Kai Wu Village.
Liu, Tong, Wang Jin, Liu Jiawen, Sun Ken. Wang Yukun.
and Wu Jianyu, Zhang Guangyan, Sun Yuanwen.
Shou Chen Yao jungle competition.
Qin Haosen, Liu Mingjun, Zhang Liangliang, Lin Nan, Liu...
Du Geng Geng.
Li Jinyang, Zhang Jianing, Liu Rong Qi.
Staff table.
Director team.
The production team.
Photography team.
Lighting Team.
The clothing team.
Han Yuchao.
The dressing team.
Art team.
Props team.
Ye Youth.
Set team.
Action team.
Fireworks.
The gun team.
The recording team.
The venue team.
Driver team.
Wei Zidian Qiao Chunsheng Yang Tao Chen Jianfen Jiang Jiping
Li Zhenmin, Dou Xingbin, Wei Ran Jia, Zong Changshun Rong Xi.
Zhang Chenggui, Su Mingxin, Liu Hongxing, Di Yuping Xu Guanglle.
Chen Jianqi, Zhang Kunwu, Jin, Zhang Rong Li Zhang Changchang.
Teng Tie Yan, Xu Ian, Zhang Chou Qiang, Yang Yijiang
Song Yongqiang, Wang Daxiong, Yang Ziguang, Zhang Jianping
Yang Shuli, Chen Yongsheng, Liu Junfeng, Liu Fu Min
Yang Soori, Jin Yongsheng,
Cut. Cut.
Wu Xiaobo.
Late production.
ZMCG.
Beijing Zhuma Chenguang Culture Co., Ltd.
Ma Jun Nan.
Chen Mingjun.
Voice actor.
Zhou Xiangning.
Music production.
Cheng, Spear.
Theme song, Hero.
Tang Tiantian.
Thank you, Mr. Wang Xiao, for the title of this drama.
Thank you.
Shandong Blumund Red Film Club. [National 4A Scene Area]
Henan Juntong Car Co., Ltd.
Jintang Jun Kin.
The Public Government of Shanzhou District
The People's Government of Xizhang Village, Shanzhou District
Shanzhou District Temple Village Scene Area
[Seobu Village Committee of Lingbao City]
The village committee of Shanzhou District,
Jiangzhou Zhou Jiajun Co., Ltd.
legal consultant service unit.
Henan Lu Da Law Firm.
Legal consultant Zhu Yongpeng.
Special cooperation unit.
There are three Municipal Committee in total.
There are three gates in total.
The People's Government
The PR Department of the Municipal Committee
The Commission of Shanzhou
The People's Government of Shanzhou District
Zhongtong County Commission.
The People's Government of Wenji County.
Henan Henan Boutique Co., Ltd.
The Cultural Responsibility Co., Ltd.
[Sanmen Lanhu City Wetland Park]
Sanmen Cultural Tourism Investment Group.
Yang Tingxuan.
The guidance unit.
Learning to strengthen our country.
The circulation unit.
Qijin (Xiamen Cultural Media Co., Ltd. Ltd. Ltd. Ltd. Ltd. Ltd. Ltd. Ltd.
Control unit.
[Henan Movie Development Co., Ltd.]
[Henan Sandao Movie Development Co., Ltd.]
[Joint Film Co., Ltd.]
[Joint filming unit]
The PR Department of Gansu Provincial Committee
Henan Provincial Radio Station.
Henan Provincial Literature and Arts Association.
Henan Film and TV Group Co., Ltd.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Gansu Lanyi Culture Co., Ltd.
Beijing Times, Yishi Cultural Technology Co., Ltd.
Hebei Army Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Product unit.
Henan Elephant Film and TV Production Co., Ltd.
Qijin (Quanzhou) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
[Henan 3 Daodong Watery Culture Development Co., Ltd.]
First reward Zhang Bing.
Reward Zhang Bing first.